{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww12840\viewh13200\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\fi720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\f0\i\fs22 \cf0 Scene starts in the bedroom of our main character, he just woke up to his dad\'92s voice which is off screen. 
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Event 1\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 DAD: Come on son, it\'92s your big day!\
MAIN: Urghhh wha- oh right! Today 
\i is 
\i0 my big day. Today is the day i become a real man.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 New scene, starts in kitchen with father at table waiting for his son. This may or may not include the selection of your character's class and/or your name.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 MAIN: So dad, when are going to go out to the (Blacksmith/ Arcane Forge)\
DAD: If you're ready son we can get going as soon as your want.\
MAIN: Ive been waiting for this moment my whole life, lets get going.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 Exit house into outdoor porch, start walking towards their select character\'92s shop\
This scene is under the impression that the person is a fighter, it will be different if you are a mage, I will write it later, not now, considering how that idea is not set in stone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 MAIN: Dad how was your armor set?\
DAD: Well son, I\'92m sure you know how i felt. Your feeling the same way as I did. Anxious, Proud, Excited, but most of all, ready. I\'92ve prepared you for this, and I\'92m sure you can\'92t wait for your first few swings of that sword!\
MAIN: Yes dad, and I will be more excited to be swinging that sword by your side!\uc0\u8232 DAD: Sigh... *pause* I dread that day will be coming sooner rather than later.\u8232 MAIN: Common dad, no need to be so glum. Its a good day today. You don\'92t think the Empires will actually fight on 
\i our 
\i0 land do you.\uc0\u8232 DAD: I don\'92t know son. but considering the lengths these empires have gone to conquer all this land so far, i wouldn\'92t be surprised.\
MAIN: I doubt it. If the day comes when we have to defend our land, we will do some with the ferocity of 1000 suns\
DAD: *Smiles* Atta\'92 boy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Event 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0  Walk in silence till they reach the blacksmith shop\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 BLACKSMITH: Hahaha, is that who i think it is! My good old friend (insert DAD name here). How has it been old pal?\uc0\u8232 DAD: I\'92ve been splendid, How is the search for your son gone?\u8232 BLACKSMITH: Sigh, still no luck. I\'92m starting to lose hope. One day he goes into the woods and he is just gone. It\'92s heartbreaking...\u8232 DAD: Ah- Don't dwell on it old pal, whatever you need, more soldiers, more materials, I\'92ll get it to you. Though let\'92s shift our hearts to a more light topic, shall we? My son is finally 18! Time flies doesn\'92t it\
BLACKSMITH: You\'92re kidding! ah- I remember when it was just me and you, best friends, buying our first set. Now we are grown men, and look at you. My bestfriend is the leader of this old village. Who would\'92ve Guessed.\
DAD: Makes you feel old doesn\'92t it?\uc0\u8232 BLACKSMITH: Yea, i guess it does. Anyway, So what is it you want (MAIN) I\'92ve got anything you can possibly want here.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 Enter store sequence, buy your stuff bblabalbalablabalbal When you\'92re done you exit store inteface and start this conversation\uc0\u8232 
\i0 Event 3
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 BLACKSMITH: Good choice, maybe one day you\'92ll become just as great as your father with a blade.\
MAIN: I can only hope.\uc0\u8232 DAD: See you late-\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 \
Sounds of horns blaring\
All three men give each other a look, and blot out of the shop to face whatever has invaded the village.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 DAD: That was the war horns, that can only mean bad things. Whatever happens son, follow my lead.\
MAIN: Alright\
GENERAL: All men stand down!\uc0\u8232 DAD: As leader of this village, I demand you tell us who you are, why you are here, and who sent you.\u8232 GENERAL: Very well then. I am General {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ursicinus_(Roman_general)"}}{\fldrslt Ursicinus}}. I am from the Lues Empire and my commanding leader is {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trajan"}}{\fldrslt Trajan}}. \
DAD: You haven't told me why you\'92re here yet, and i suggest you tell me soon, or I will have my men attack you and your men.\
GENERAL: Oh no, I understand. I saved the best part for last *sly smile* My orders are to take the leader of every village, to make for a more, how do u say... simple conquest? You have just made my job a lot simpler. Now do we have to take you by force, and are you going to come willingly\uc0\u8232 MAIN: Hahaha, you think we fear you. You are nothing but a man. What does one man mean to the army of our village.\
GENERAL: I was hoping you would say that *sly smile* The thing is I don\'92t need you to fear me. Heh, I don\'92t even want you to fear me, you should fear 
\i them.
\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 A Cavalry of 100 men and horses revel themselves from the bushes\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 MAIN: Bring it on, we can take you.\uc0\u8232 GENERAL: You are but a mere boy, a pain to say the least. You sure are outspoken you must be out of your place. Unless.....\
MEN! grab that young man.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 stuggle blalalalala they get him in the end\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 GENERAL: Okay now that that\'92s settled, its you, or your son, pick your poison.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc
\cf0 MAIN: Father, let them take me. I can handle them! They ar- oofff\uc0\u8232 GENERAL: While my men beat your son for his intolerance, will you be willing to make a trade?\u8232 DAD:.... yes\u8232 \u8232 
\i BLABLABALABLABL they trade and you end up talking to the blacksmith.\uc0\u8232 
\i0 \
Event 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 BLACKSMITH: (Main) don\'92t let yourself get down. Your father was an amazing man. He helped us come to peace with our dwarven neighbors. Some call him the best leader we have ever had.\uc0\u8232 MAIN: I know (Blacksmith name) but that\'92s not what troubles me. You said it yourself, my father has done so much for this village, but what have 
\i I 
\i0 done ? Nothing! I think its time to prove myself. \uc0\u8232 BLACKSMITH: Sigh... I was expecting that. Just like your father you know- heh. Well, you do know this isn\'92t something you can do alone. You\'92re not going to go into that empire alone.\u8232 MAIN: Yes, I know, thats why I came to you. How would you like me to find your son?\u8232 BLACKSMITH: I... I would be MOST greatful, can you you do that?\
MAIN: I believe I have no choice, So it's settled then. Once i find your son, I will get the word to you somehow, just wait for my message.\uc0\u8232 BLACKSMITH: Thank you so much! If there was anyone i would entrust this task too it would be you. Thank you again, i will be eagerly awaiting your message.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc
\cf0 ***************************************************************************************\
Dungeon events 1 and 2\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 Dungeon Dialogue\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Event 3\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 Player enters room, sees the blacksmith\'92s son being attacked\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 \
BLACKSMITH SON: Back! You filthy creature!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 Player runs in to help the blacksmith\'92s son fight the monsters\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc

\i0 \cf0 Event 4\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1
\cf0 BLACKSMITH SON: Look who it is! The son of the great ol\'92 (DAD;\'92S NAME). Boy am i grateful a swordsman of your stature came. For a second there, I thought that last batch of monsters might get me.\
MAIN: The pleasure is mine. How did you manage to get into this cave anyway?\
BLACKSMITH SON: I was out gathering materials for making weapons, when a squadron of soldiers saw me and began to chase me, so I ran into this cave to hide until I was sure they had stopped looking. When I left my hiding spot to leave, a group of monsters ambushed me and beat me to near death. I managed to crawl away and regain my strength. The second I was able to walk, I tried to leave once again, but I was stopped by those things.\
MAIN: You sure have had a fun time down here. How about i entice your warrior mind with something even more challenging.\
BLACKSMITH SON: Shoot.\uc0\u8232 MAIN: My father has been captured by the Lues Empire. The soldiers that attacked you were probably from the same empire, considering this cave is in the direction they took my father.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\qc
\cf0 Event 5\
BLACKSMITH SON: They 
\i WHAT! 
\i0 How di-\uc0\u8232 MAIN: He went willingly, don\'92t worry. He picked between me and him, and he sacrificed himself for me. But that raises my question. Will you be willing to come with me to get my father.\u8232 BLACKSMITH SON: I... I am honored. Are you sure you got the right guy, hahaha.\u8232 MAIN: I wouldn\'92t want anyone else. Not even the best warri-\u8232 \u8232 
\i random monster attacks them, and runs away, so they give each other a look and chase the monster\uc0\u8232 epic fight sequences engage, they fight boss blahahahahahahaha\u8232 
\i0 \
Event 6\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i \cf0 MAIN: cleans sword  
\i0  Well that was fun, wasn\'92t it.\uc0\u8232 BLACKSMITH SON: Yea 
\i deep breath 
\i0 Nice swordsmanship, if my fathers anecdotes had any truth to them, it must be the parts about your father. You are a true reincarnation of him\uc0\u8232 MAIN: So I\'92ve heard. You\'92re not too shabby of a mage yourself. At this rate you\'92ll become the archmage- eh?\u8232 BLACKSMITH STORY: Well, one can hope. What of my father anyway? Does he know I\'92m safe now?\u8232 MAIN: Yes, once I left town I sent a message to him saying that I\'92ve got you, and we are on the way to finding my father
\i \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1

\i0 \cf0 BLACKSMITH SON: Ambitious man aren\'92t you.\uc0\u8232 MAIN: I am my father, aren\'92t I? 
\i sly smile\uc0\u8232 
\i0 \uc0\u8232 \
}